Mr. Zheng replied with consent.
Let's meet at Qiangsheng Group
Time is running out.
We must hurry up and go
Ok wait
Take this with you in case of an emergency
I didn't take action at the first time
This limits the sale of pure cotton
The security check is very strict
I'm afraid this is Boss Guo
You underestimate me too much
I've been undercover by your side for so long
Today, I will show you what true ability is
So we left.
And so forth.
Pay attention to safety
Go early and dawn early
Don't worry, I have to come back and give you free.
salute
Stop, today is Mr. Lin's private business club
No entry without the highest invitation
Open your dog eyes and see who this is
Spread out yo old big
Haven't you been arrested by Jingwei?